Adds multiple pages to the Onboarding chapter (#302)
BitcoinDesign/Guide: guide/onboarding/restoring-a-wallet.md

---
layout: guide
title: Restoring a wallet
description: Options for restoring a wallet
parent: Onboarding
nav_order: 4
permalink: /guide/onboarding/restoring-a-wallet/
main_classes: -no-top-padding
---

# Restoring a wallet

<div class="center" markdown="1">

> There are a number of reasons why a user might need to recover their wallet. Typically, this might be because they lost their device, had it stolen, are migrating from a different wallet or deleted and redownloaded a particular wallet application. Regardless of how it occured, it’s important that your wallet application has clear, easy instructions that provide an easy way for users to recover their funds. There are a number of ways that a wallet recovery can be done. However, as covered in the [wallet interoperability]({{ 'guide/foundations/wallet-interoperability' | relative_url }}) section, not all wallets from one application can be recovered in another.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are a number of reasons why a user might need to recover their wallet. Typically, this might be because they lost their device, had it stolen, are migrating from a different wallet or deleted and redownloaded a particular wallet application. Regardless of how it occurred, it’s important that your wallet application has clear, easy instructions that provide an easy way for users to recover their funds. There are a number of ways that a wallet recovery can be done. However, as covered in the [wallet interoperability]({{ 'guide/foundations/wallet-interoperability' | relative_url }}) section, not all wallets from one application can be recovered in another.
```

There are a number of reasons why a user might need to recover their wallet. Typically, this might be because they lost their device, had it stolen, are migrating from a different wallet or deleted and redownloaded a particular wallet application. Regardless of how it occured, it’s important that your wallet application has clear, easy instructions that provide an easy way for users to recover their funds. There are a number of ways that a wallet recovery can be done. However, as covered in the [wallet interoperability]({{ 'guide/foundations/wallet-interoperability' | relative_url }}) section, not all wallets from one application can be recovered in another.

{% include picture.html
   image = "/assets/images/guide/onboarding/restoring-a-wallet/import-options.png"
   retina = "/assets/images/guide/onboarding/restoring-a-wallet/import-options@2x.png"
   width = 250
   height = 250
   alt-text = "Showing wallet import options"
   caption = "Wallet import options from [Wallet UI Kit](https://www.figma.com/file/VB3GQdAnhl8yta44DY3PSV/Bitcoin-Wallet-UI-Kit?node-id=1227%3A27425)"
   layout = "float-desktop -background -shadow"
%}

</div>

### Restore from an automatic cloud backup

> As outlined earlier in the chapter, we consider an automatic cloud backup a good option, especially for beginners. One of the major UX benefits of this is a seamless recovery process. All users needs to do to gain access to their funds again is log into their Google or Apple account.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As outlined earlier in the chapter, we consider an automatic cloud backup a good option, especially for beginners. One of the major UX benefits of this is a seamless recovery process. All users needs to do to gain access to their funds again is to log into their cloud storage account.
```

> If they aren't logged in, they only need to enter their password before the wallet can automatically access the recovery phrase stored on the user's iCloud or Google Drive account. Once the recovery phrase is located, the wallet can begin to regenerate the keys required for the user to access their funds.

Reviewer 3: I think creating a standard way to do cloud backups was the aim of photon. Standard way to do this does not currently exist. https://github.com/photon-sdk
